morning
and there is something to know today the tremendous
Imagine a millionaire party
he is a good person
stay away from compliments that if there is something
beautiful in this place are your eyes and you
you know I was crazy with this too
you know perfectly well that the first
printing is what counts
the first impression then
what happens if we have please follow life
Always look for if the young lady who
going to ask wonderful
to the same thing then this vodka is going to
love
it's a wonder that I want the
nines and of course that we offer
we
or
It is so strong but it is very good if
they were a very strong and beautiful
It is beautiful if I would like precisely
that you would see and above all you will notice in the
ceiling looks up to cecilia is
wonderful
I am like the Russians that percent are
Russians also the architects of this
instead they made that beautiful carving
of the angels is beautiful I love
1800 is beautiful thomas burgess the one
I like it or not I did not want to know what it is
if you do not like games
also but it's hot look at what
cheap
but if you look
the right side
why do not you go
this little niggle and worldwide
he laughed
riding bikes and matches seems
I lost my balance and rudder but
sure there are times so I say I have
there
as the frankenstein told me
Because today
do not
Excuse me, sir, not the same.
all right
do not worry a little more about
Be careful to try a slap there
he is sitting at his tenth table
ace
coveted from miami
a family let me introduce you to
cecilia our luck
because that is the chicken of the eggs
of gold
measure
of very good luck take a photo what
First
Y
now
please that a little kiss is not going to happen
absolutely nothing because I'm going to do it
for you and I'm going to give you a kiss
is that my car places the shore
I know what it is
do not call me more sicilia please
possibly the eggs that comes out
luck for women
eggs